# Investment_Simulation
This is an Investment simulation which assesses two stocks and graphs scatter plot which illustrates the efficiency frontier
Problem Statement:
To help offset the cost of his education, John’s parents have decided to start investing
money from the moment he enters secondary school. At the start, they have $20000 to invest
into one of two investments: Stock A and Stock B. Stock A has an annual ROI (Return of
Investment) of 10 percent with a standard deviation of 4 percent. Stock B has an annual
ROI of 8 percent with a standard deviation of 1 percent. They would like to invest x% of
the $20000 into Stock A and y% of the $20000 into Stock B. Note that x + y = 100. At the
end of every year, the money is reinvested into Stock from which it was extracted.
In addition, every year, they will have $5000 dollars to invest into Stock A and Stock B.
They invest x% of the $5000 into Stock A and y% of the $5000 into Stock B. They plan to
do this for every year from Form 2 until Upper Six.
John’s parents would like to assess the viability of their investment strategy.
• Let x = 50 and y = 50. Use 1000 runs of a simulation to determine their expected
return (mean of the amount generated by both Stock A and Stock B by the John is to
enter university) and their expected risk (the std. deviation of the amount generated
by both Stock A and Stock B by the John is to enter university)
• After seeing the result of setting x = 50 and y = 50, John’s parents would like to use
portfolio theory to determine good values of x and y. Any particular valid combination
of x and y, i.e. x + y = 100 is referred to as a valid portfolio. A technique in portfolio
management is to compare portfolios by plotting their expected return against their
expected risk. Those portfolios that lie on the upper edge of the disk that is formed
is called the efficient frontier. Plot the efficient efficient frontier. Ensure that the axis
are labeled appropriately. This gives a good introduction to the concept of portfolio
management that you might find useful.

